Added truncating logger (#1)
JuliaLogging/LoggingFormats.jl: README.md

# LoggingFormats.jl

> This package is an aggregation of various useful functions to use used in 
> [FormatLogger](https://github.com/JuliaLogging/LoggingExtras.jl#formatlogger-sink) from package 
> [LoggingExtras](https://github.com/JuliaLogging/LoggingExtras.jl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is an aggregation of various useful format functions to use with the
[FormatLogger](https://github.com/JuliaLogging/LoggingExtras.jl#formatlogger-sink) from the
[LoggingExtras](https://github.com/JuliaLogging/LoggingExtras.jl) package.
```

Currently, there are following functions available:
- `make_log_truncated`

## Truncate long variables and messages

> `make_log_truncated(max_var_len=5_000)` is a function which formats data in similar manner as `ConsoleLogger`, 

Reviewer: Perhaps clarify that the truncation is applied to i) the log message and ii) any extra added variables individually (the full log output is not truncated, that could be an extension for later).

Author: Readme clarified, can we resolve it?

# LoggingFormats.jl

This package is an aggregation of various useful format functions to use with the
[FormatLogger](https://github.com/JuliaLogging/LoggingExtras.jl#formatlogger-sink) from the
[LoggingExtras](https://github.com/JuliaLogging/LoggingExtras.jl) package.

> Currently, there are following functors available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the following functors are available:
```

- `Truncated`

> ## Truncate long variables and messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `Truncated`: Truncate long variables and messages
```

`Truncated(max_var_len=5_000)` is a function which formats data in similar manner as `ConsoleLogger`, 
but with truncation of string representation when it exceeds `max_var_len`.
This format truncates the length of message itself, and truncates string representation of 
individual variables, but does not truncate the size of whole printed text.

See the examples:

```julia
julia> using LoggingExtras, LoggingFormat

julia> with_logger(FormatLogger(Truncated(30))) do
    short_var = "a"^5
    long_var = "a"^50
    @info "a short message" short_var long_var

>     @info "a very long message"^20 short_var long_var

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    @info "a very long message "^20 short_var long_var
```

end
┌ Info: a short message
│   short_var = aaaaa
│   long_var = aaaaaaaaaaaa…
└ @ Main REPL[46]:4

> ┌ Info: a very long messagea very lon…

Reviewer: ```suggestion
┌ Info: a very long message a very lo…
```
